feat: update Connectors to 0.3.0 (#1499)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-sdk.md

as local job workers out-of-the-box. You can find this Java application on
[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.camunda/spring-zeebe-connector-runtime).

Refer to the [Self-Managed installation guide](/self-managed/connectors-deployment/install-and-start.md) for details on how to
set up this runtime environment.

### Custom runtime environment

If using the pre-packaged runtime environment that comes with the SDK does not fit your use case,
you can create a custom runtime environment. There are three options that come with the SDK:

- Create a custom job worker using Spring Zeebe.
- Wrap Connector functions as job workers using the `ConnectorJobHandler`.
- Implement your own Connector function wrapper.

#### Spring Zeebe

Being a Spring-wrapper around the [Zeebe Java client](/apis-clients/java-client/index.md), Spring Zeebe supports
[running outbound Connectors](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/spring-zeebe/#run-outboundconnectors) out of the box.
You can expose them as Spring beans in your Spring application and Spring Zeebe picks them up and runs them automatically.

> Using this approach, you can run multiple Connector functions in one job worker application.

Author: Yeah makes sense. 👍 I had it that way first actually but wasn't sure about it. I used job worker application then but since you stumbled over this now as well, I'll go for Java application 🙂

> Using this approach, you can run multiple Connector functions in one job worker application.

Author: ```suggestion
Using this approach, you can run multiple Connector functions in one Java application.
```
